Adding disclaimer in readme (#35)
benawad/destiny: README.md

![example transformation](https://github.com/benawad/destiny/blob/master/assets/example.png)

## Disclaimer

> Destiny is in early development there might be bugs & important missing features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destiny is in early development so you might encounter bugs or miss important features. If you find a bug or miss a feature, please don't hesitate to reach out via a pull request or issue.
```

> If you find a bug or you have a feature request, don't hesitate [openning an issue](https://github.com/benawad/destiny/issues/new) or making a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
